Okay, let's try to tackle this problem. So, the problem is about dividing a grid into districts of 3 houses each, such that each district contributes to either Álvaro or José's votes, based on the majority in that district. Our goal is to maximize the number of votes Álvaro gets.

Hmm, the grid is 2 rows by n columns, and n is a multiple of 3. Each district is a group of 3 connected houses. The key here is that the districts can be formed in such a way that they cover all houses, but since each district uses 3 houses, the total number of districts will be 2n/3. So each district is 3 houses.

Wait, but n is a multiple of 3, so 2n/3 is an integer. That makes sense because each district uses 3 houses. So for example, if n is 3, there are 2 districts, each taking 3 houses.

Now, for each district, the majority determines the candidate. So, for a district of three houses, if at least two are selecting Álvaro, he wins that district. Otherwise, José does.

So the problem reduces to partitioning the grid into districts, each of size 3, connected, such that the number of districts where at least two choose A is maximized.

But wait, how are the districts formed? The grid is 2 rows, so each district must consist of exactly 3 cells. Since the grid is 2xN, each district must consist of some combination of these cells. For example, in the first row, we have two houses in each column. Similarly, the second row has two houses.

So each district can consist of cells from both rows. The key is that the three cells must form a connected component. So for example, a district could consist of two cells from the first row and one from the second, or two from the second and one from the first. Or all three from the same row? Or maybe some other arrangement.

Wait, let's think about possible configurations. Since each district must be a connected set of 3 houses, the possible shapes are limited. For example:

- All three in the first row: but that's a straight line, so they are connected. Similarly, all three in the second row.
- Two in the first row and one in the second: but that's connected. For example, positions (1, j), (1, j+1), (2, j) — but wait, that's not connected because the first two are in the same row, and the third is in the second, but it's a diagonal? Or perhaps the third is adjacent in a way that forms a connected component.

Wait, no. Let me think again. For three cells to be connected, they must form a connected area. So, for example, in a 2x3 grid, one possible district is the top row (all three) and that's a connected district. Alternatively, it could consist of the top row's first two and the second row's first, which forms a connected shape.

Wait, but the 2x3 grid is small. Let's see: let's say the houses are arranged as:

Row 1: A A A
Row 2: J J J

Then, one possible district is the top three, which will give 3 votes for A. Another district could be the top two and the middle one from the second row, but wait, those three are all connected. So that's a district of three.

So, the districts can vary in how they cover the grid.

But the problem is to find the maximum number of votes that Álvaro can get by optimally dividing the grid into districts. So, we need to choose a way to partition the entire grid into districts, each of size 3, such that as many of these districts as possible have at least two A's.

So, the approach is to maximize the number of such districts where at least two A's are present.

But how do we model this? It feels like a dynamic programming problem, where for each position in the grid, we track the best possible way to form districts up to that point.

Each district is 3 houses, so for each position, we need to make a choice that allows us to form a district ending at that position.

Wait, perhaps we can model the problem by considering the possible ways to form a district up to a certain column. Since the grid is 2 rows, each district can consist of a combination of cells from both rows.

Let's think about the possible ways a district can be formed:

1. All three are in the top row: so each cell is (1, j), (1, j+1), (1, j+2). This is a straight line, so connected.

2. All three are in the bottom row: (2, j), (2, j+1), (2, j+2).

3. Two in the top row and one in the bottom row. The two in the top form a line, and the one in the bottom is connected to one of them. For example, (1,j), (1,j+1), (2,j). This is connected as a "L" shape.

4. Two in the bottom row and one in the top: (2,j), (2,j+1), (1,j). Similarly connected.

5. One in the top and two in the bottom, but in such a way that the two form a connected line. Like (1,j), (2,j), (2,j+1). So this is a vertical line.

Wait, no: (1,j) is top, (2,j) is bottom, (2,j+1) is another. So the three are connected in a straight line down.

So, each of these configurations is a possible way to form a district.

But perhaps a dynamic programming approach is better. Let's think about the DP state.

Let's define dp[i] as the maximum number of votes we can get up to column i.

For each column i, we can look back at possible positions j where the district ends at i, and calculate the maximum votes from that.

The problem is figuring out all possible ways the district could end at i, and for each way, calculate the number of A's in the district and update dp[i] accordingly.

Wait, but the districts can span multiple columns, so the state should track the number of houses selected in the current district.

Wait, but each district is 3 houses. So, for each position j, we can consider the possibilities of forming a district that ends at j, and compute the maximum votes.

So, the DP state can be something like dp[j] = the maximum votes we can have up to column j, considering the districts formed so far.

Wait, but the problem is that each district is 3 houses, so the way to model the DP is by considering how many houses are left in each possible configuration of the district.

Alternatively, perhaps the DP state should track how many houses are left in the current possible district.

Wait, maybe not. Another approach is to model the DP as follows:

We can precompute for each position j the possible ways that a district can include j, and see what the maximum votes can be.

But perhaps a better approach is to model the state as the number of remaining houses in the current district.

Wait, for example, when we are at position j, we can consider adding a district that ends at j, which may consist of j, j+1, j+2, but in a certain configuration.

Wait, but j can be any position in a column. Hmm, perhaps it's better to think in terms of how many houses are left in the current district.

Wait, for example, when we are trying to form a district that starts at j, j+1, j+2, but that's probably not the right way.

Alternatively, perhaps the DP state can be the number of houses used so far in the current district, and the state transitions can consider adding a new house to the current district.

Wait, that might get complicated. Let's consider that each district is 3 houses. So, the DP could be to track the number of houses left in the current district. So, for each position j, we can have states based on how many houses are left in the current district.

Wait, perhaps not. Let me think differently.

Each district is 3 houses, so the DP could be built by considering each possible way to form a district that ends at the current position j, and then for each of these possibilities, compute the maximum votes.

So, for each j, we can look back at possible positions and consider all possible ways to form a district that ends at j.

But how do we model the current district? The current district consists of 3 houses. So, for each possible configuration, we can compute the number of A's in the district, which determines whether the district contributes 3, 2, or 1 vote.

Wait, but the district's structure affects what's in it. For example, if the district is a straight line in the top row, then the three houses are all A's, so the district contributes 3 votes. Alternatively, if the district is a "corner" shape, like two in the top and one in the bottom, then the number of A's depends on their positions.

So, the structure of the district affects the number of A's, which in turn affects how many votes are added.

This complicates the DP state. Because the state should not only track the number of houses used but also the configuration of the district.

Wait, perhaps the state in DP is the number of houses used in the current district. So, for each position, we can decide which houses are in the current district, and the state transitions accordingly.

But since each district is 3 houses, the state can be the number of houses remaining in the current district. So, for each position j, the state can be 0, 1, 2, or 3 houses remaining.

Wait, but since the district must consist of exactly 3 houses, the state can be 0, 1, 2, or 3. But, when the state is 0, it means that the current district is being formed, and we are adding houses until the district is complete.

Wait, perhaps it's better to model the DP as follows:

dp[j] represents the maximum number of votes that can be obtained up to column j, considering that the current district being formed ends at j.

Wait, but perhaps not. Let me think again.

The problem is to maximize the votes, which depends on the districts' composition. So, for each possible way the current district can be formed (i.e., which 3 houses are in it), we need to calculate how many votes that district contributes, and then sum that with the best possible votes from the remaining columns.

So, the state in the DP should represent the number of houses remaining in the current district that we are trying to form. For example, when the current district is being formed, we can have 0, 1, 2, or 3 houses remaining. Then, for each state, we can try to add a new house, and see if it can form a valid district.

Wait, that makes sense. So, the DP state is the number of houses left in the current district. For each position j, we can look back to see if adding a new house to the current district (which has k houses left) can form a valid district.

So, for each j, and each possible state (number of houses left in the current district), we can transition by adding a new house (if possible) to the district, and compute the maximum votes.

The initial state is j=0 (no columns processed), with 0 houses left in the current district. Then, for each j, we can consider all possible ways to add houses to the current district, compute the number of A's in that district, and add the corresponding votes.

Wait, but the current state is the number of houses left in the current district. So, when starting, the current district has 0 houses left. Then, for each next house, we can decrease the count, and see if adding it completes a district.

Let me formalize this.

Define dp[j][k] as the maximum votes that can be obtained up to column j, where the current district has k houses left. When k=0, it means that we are about to finish forming the current district and add the next column's houses into that district.

Wait, no. Maybe it's better to think of the state as the number of houses remaining in the current district that we're trying to form. So, for example, when the current district has 0 houses remaining, it means that we are about to start forming a new district.

Wait, maybe I should model the DP as follows:

dp[i][k] is the maximum number of votes we can get up to column i, where the current district being formed has k houses left. So, when k is 0, the current district is being completed and we move to the next column.

So, for each i, and for each possible k (0, 1, 2, 3), we can consider adding a new house to the current district, which could potentially form a complete district.

Let's see. For each i, for each possible k (number of houses remaining in the current district), we can try adding a new house.

But how do we know if adding a new house forms a valid district? Well, a district must consist of exactly 3 houses, so when we are adding a new house, we can only do so if k is 0, 1, 2, or 3, and the addition completes the district.

Wait, perhaps it's better to model the DP as follows:

At position i, the current district has k houses left. Then, for each possible k, we can try adding a new house to the district, which could form a full district.

So, for each i and k, we can consider all possible ways to add a new house to the current district.

But how?

Let me think about the possible ways to add a house to the current district.

When the current district has k houses left, the next house can be added to form a district of 3.

So, for each possible k (0, 1, 2, 3), we can try adding a new house and see if the new district is valid.

Wait, but the current district is being formed as we proceed along the columns. So, for each i, the current position is i, and we're looking back to see how many houses are left in the current district.

Wait, perhaps the state is the number of houses left in the current district, and the DP[i][k] represents the maximum votes up to column i, given that the current district has k houses left.

So, for example:

- dp[i][0] represents the maximum votes when the current district is being completed (i.e., we are about to add the next column's houses to this district).

- dp[i][1] represents the maximum votes if we have 1 house remaining in the current district, and so on.

Wait, perhaps that's the way to model it.

So, the transitions would be as follows:

For each i and k, and for each possible next house (j = i+1, i+2, i+3), but wait, no, because the current district is formed by 3 consecutive houses. Or perhaps it's any three consecutive columns, but that's not necessarily the case since the district can end at any column.

Wait, no. The district is any 3 connected houses, regardless of their positions. But since the grid is 2 rows, the possible districts can be formed in various ways.

Wait, perhaps it's better to think that the current district can end at column i, which means that the district is formed by columns i-2, i-1, and i. Or any three consecutive columns, but that's not necessarily the case. Wait, no. The district can be any three connected houses, which can span any three columns, as long as they are connected.

Wait, but that's not correct. Because a district is a connected set of 3 houses. So, for example, in the first two rows, the three houses could be in columns 1,2,3, or columns 2,3,4, etc. So, the district can be any three connected houses, not necessarily consecutive columns.

This complicates the problem because the district can span any three connected columns, which can be any set of three columns where each pair is adjacent in a way that they form a connected group.

Hmm, this seems complicated. So, perhaps the problem is to find the maximum number of votes Álvaro can get by partitioning the grid into districts, each of exactly 3 connected houses, such that as many of these districts as possible have at least two A's.

But the key is to model the DP correctly.

Let's think again about the possibilities for a district. Each district is 3 houses, connected in any way, as long as they are connected.

So, in the 2xN grid, the possible configurations for a district are:

1. All three in the same row. So, for example, top row, columns j, j+1, j+2. Or bottom row, j, j+1, j+2.

2. Two in the top row, one in the bottom, arranged in a way that forms a connected trio. For example, columns j, j+1 in the top row, and column j+2 in the bottom row, forming a connected trio.

Similarly, two in the bottom row, one in the top.

3. One in top, two in bottom, arranged in a way that the two form a connected trio, e.g., columns j in top, j+1 in bottom, and j+2 in bottom.

So, each district can be in one of these configurations.

Now, the problem is to select a set of districts such that every house is included exactly once, and the sum of votes is maximized.

But with this, the problem becomes quite complex, especially considering the possibilities for the district's shape.

Hmm, perhaps the optimal strategy is to maximize the number of districts that have at least two A's. So, for each district, we want to have as many A's as possible.

Given that, perhaps the optimal approach is to greedily form districts that have two A's as much as possible, and then see what remains.

But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps we can model the problem by considering each column and how it contributes to the possible districts.

Wait, but the districts can be formed across multiple columns.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be modeled by considering each possible way a district can be formed, and for each, calculate how many A's are in it, and update the DP accordingly.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to look for a pattern or a way to model the DP transitions.

Let me think about the possible cases for the current state.

The state is dp[i][k], where k is the number of houses remaining in the current district. So, when k is 0, the district is being completed, and we can proceed to the next column.

Wait, no. When k is the number of houses left in the current district, then when the district is completed, k will be zero.

So, for each i, and for each possible k (0,1,2,3), we can have a state.

So, for the next step, when processing i+1, we can look back to see how many houses are left in the current district, and try to form a new district.

Wait, perhaps the initial state is dp[0][0] = 0 (no columns processed, no district started). Then, for each i from 1 to N, we can process each state.

Wait, maybe not. Let me think again.

Alternatively, perhaps the DP can be built by considering each possible way to form a district that ends at column i.

Each district must consist of exactly 3 houses, so the next step is to look for all possible sets of 3 houses that are connected, and for each such set, compute the number of A's in it, and then update the DP accordingly.

But with N up to 1e5, this approach is not feasible, as it would take O(N * something) time.

So, we need a more efficient way.

Another approach is to look for patterns or repetitions, given that n is a multiple of 3.

Wait, the problem says that n is a multiple of 3, which might allow us to find a repeating pattern in the grid, which can then be used to compute the DP for each block and multiply.

But I'm not sure yet.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be modeled using dynamic programming, where for each position i, we consider all possible ways the current district can end at i, and for each such way, compute the maximum votes.

So, for each i, we can look back to the possible ways that a district could have ended at i-2, i-1, or i, and see how adding the next house would form a district.

Wait, perhaps the key is to find that for each block of 3 houses, the optimal way to form a district is to include as many A's as possible.

But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal way is to form as many districts as possible that include two A's in each possible district.

But how to model this.

Wait, perhaps the solution is to precompute for each possible configuration of 3 houses, the number of A's in that district, and then select the configurations that give the maximum votes.

But with the grid size being up to 2e5 columns, we need an efficient way to compute this.

Wait, perhaps the problem can be approached by considering that each district is a connected trio of three houses, and that overlapping districts can be handled in a way that allows for efficient computation.

But I'm not sure.

Let me think about an example.

Suppose n=3, so the grid is 2x3.

Two possible configurations for the district: all three in the top row, all three in the bottom row, or two in the top and one in the bottom (forming a "L" shape), or two in the bottom and one in the top, etc.

In each case, the district can be formed as a straight line (all top or all bottom) or as an L-shape.

In the case where all three are in the top row, the district will contribute 3 votes if all three are A's.

Similarly for all three in the bottom row.

In the case of two in top and one in bottom, the number of A's can vary. For example, if two are A and one is J, the district contributes 2 votes. If all three are A, it contributes 3.

So, for each possible configuration, we need to compute the number of A's in the district.

But how can we efficiently precompute this for all possible 3-house configurations?

Wait, perhaps the problem can be broken down by considering each possible trio of houses and precomputing how many A's they have. But with 2 rows and 3 columns, the number of possible trios is limited.

Wait, for each trio of columns, the possible configurations are limited. So maybe it's possible to precompute for each possible trio of columns (their positions in the grid) the number of A's in that trio.

But given that the grid is 2 rows and n columns, each trio is a set of three consecutive columns (but wait, no— they can be any three columns, as long as they are connected).

Wait, no, because the trio can be any three connected columns, not necessarily consecutive. So for example, columns 1,2,3; 1,2,4; 1,3,4; etc.

This complicates things, as the number of possible trios is much larger than n choose 3.

Hmm, perhaps that's not the right approach.

Alternative idea: For each column, decide whether to include it in the current district or not, and track how that affects the possible configurations.

Wait, perhaps another way to model the problem is to consider that each district must consist of exactly three houses, connected, so that the trio is a connected group. So, for any set of three connected houses, we need to model their configuration.

But this seems too broad.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be modeled by considering that each district can be in one of several states, and for each state, the contribution to the votes can be added, and the DP can be updated accordingly.

Wait, perhaps the state is the number of houses remaining in the current district. So, for each i, the state is 0,1,2,3, and for each state, we track the maximum number of votes.

So, the initial state is i=0, and state 0, with 0 votes.

For each i from 1 to n:

- For each possible state k (0,1,2,3), we can consider adding a new house to form a district.

- For each possible next house, we can try to form a district of 3 houses, and see how the state transitions.

Wait, but that's still not clear. Let's try to formalize it.

At each step i, we are processing column i, and have a state k (0,1,2,3) indicating how many houses are left in the current district.

We can try to add houses from i-2, i-1, and i, but that's not necessarily the case.

Wait, perhaps the way to model it is that the current district is being formed by looking back to see how many houses are left in the current district. So, for example, if in the current state, k is 1, it means that the current district has one house left to form the trio.

So, the next step is to add a new house to form a trio of 3.

So, for each i and each state k, we can try adding a new house (i, i+1, i+2), but that's not necessarily the case.

Wait, perhaps for each state k, we can try adding the next three houses (i, i+1, i+2) to form a district, and see how that affects the state.

But that's only one possible trio. There are other possible trios.

Wait, perhaps it's better to consider all possible trios that can be formed in the current column i, and for each such trio, compute the number of A's in the trio, and then update the DP accordingly.

But how to enumerate all possible trios for the current i.

Well, the current i can form a trio with (i, i+1, i+2) (all in top or bottom), or with (i, i+1, i+2) in a configuration where two are in the top and one in the bottom (forming a "L" shape), etc.

But enumerating all possible trios is not feasible for large n.

Hmm, perhaps there's a pattern in the trios that can be formed. For example, for each trio of columns, the possible configurations are limited, and perhaps the maximum number of A's in any trio can be precomputed.

Wait, for each trio of columns, the possible configurations are:

1. All three in the top row: compute the number of A's as sum of s_i for i, i+1, i+2 in the top row.

2. All three in the bottom row: sum of s_i for i, i+1, i+2 in the bottom row.

3. Two in top and one in bottom, arranged as a "corner": for example, columns i and i+1 in top, and i+2 in bottom.

4. Two in bottom and one in top, arranged as a "corner": columns i and i+1 in bottom, i+2 in top.

5. Two in top and one in bottom, arranged in a different way, such as columns i, i+2 in top, and i+1 in bottom.

6. Two in bottom and one in top, arranged in a different way, such as columns i, i+2 in bottom, and i+1 in top.

7. Three in a row in the top or bottom.

So, each trio can be in one of these configurations, and for each, the number of A's can be computed.

But since the grid is 2xN, perhaps we can precompute for each trio of columns the maximum number of A's in any of these configurations.

Wait, no. Because each configuration might have a different number of A's.

Wait, but for each trio of three consecutive columns, perhaps the maximum number of A's in any possible district is what matters. But no, because the district can be any 3 connected houses, not necessarily consecutive.

Wait, but for each trio of three columns, the maximum number of A's in any possible district is the maximum between:

- all three in top row: sum of s_i, s_i+1, s_i+2 in top.

- all three in bottom row: sum of s_i, s_i+1, s_i+2 in bottom.

- two in top and one in bottom, arranged in a way that maximizes the sum.

- two in bottom and one in top, arranged in a way that maximizes the sum.

But how to calculate the maximum for each trio.

Wait, for each trio of three columns, the possible configurations are limited, but perhaps the maximum number of A's in any district is the maximum between:

- the sum of the top three.

- the sum of the bottom three.

- the sum of two top and one bottom, arranged in such a way that the two top's are as many A's as possible, and the bottom is as many A's as possible.

Similarly for two bottom and one top.

But how to compute this.

Wait, perhaps for each trio, the maximum number of A's is the maximum of:

a) sum of top three.

b) sum of bottom three.

c) sum of top two and bottom one, best possible.

d) sum of top one and bottom two, best possible.

e) sum of bottom two and top one, best possible.

f) sum of bottom two.

g) sum of top two.

h) sum of all three.

Wait, but that's a lot of possibilities.

But perhaps for each trio, the maximum number of A's is the maximum of a, b, and the best possible c, d, e.

So, for each trio, the maximum A's is the maximum of the top trio, the bottom trio, and the best of the other configurations.

But how to compute the best of the other configurations.

Wait, for c, the best is to take the top two with the most A's and the bottom one with the most A's.

Similarly for d and e.

So, for each trio, the maximum A's in any district is the maximum of:

- top trio sum.

- bottom trio sum.

- top two sum + bottom one sum.

- top one sum + bottom two sum.

- bottom two sum.

- bottom one sum.

- top two sum.

- top one sum.

So, the maximum of all these possibilities.

Wait, but perhaps the sum of top two plus bottom one can be higher than top trio or bottom trio.

So, for each trio, we can compute all these possibilities and take the maximum.

Once we have that, the maximum number of A's for that trio is known.

So, for each trio, the maximum A's is the maximum of the following:

max(
    sum_top3,
    sum_bottom3,
    sum_top2 + sum_bottom1,
    sum_top1 + sum_bottom2,
    sum_bottom2,
    sum_bottom1,
    sum_top2,
    sum_top1
)

But wait, sum_top3 is just the sum of top three. So, if we have two in top and one in bottom, the sum is sum_top2 + sum_bottom1. Similarly for the other cases.

But perhaps the maximum is the maximum of these 8 possibilities.

So, for each trio, the maximum A's is the maximum of the top trio sum, the bottom trio sum, the sum of top two and bottom one, the sum of top one and bottom two, and the sum of bottom two, the sum of bottom one, the sum of top two, and the sum of top one.

Wait, but perhaps the sum of top three is one of these possibilities, like sum_top2 + sum_bottom1 is sum_top3 if sum_bottom1 is zero, but that's not necessarily the case.

Wait, no. For example, if the bottom one is in a different column, the sum_top3 is not equal to sum_top2 + sum_bottom1.

So, the maximum for the trio is the maximum of all the possibilities.

So, for each trio, the maximum A's is the maximum of the top trio, the bottom trio, and the possible combinations.

So, for each trio, we can precompute this maximum.

Once we have that, the DP can be modeled by considering each trio as a possible district, and for each state (number of houses left in the current district), we can transition to the next state by adding the trio's A's.

So, the initial state is i=0, state 0, with 0 votes. For each i, for each possible state k, we can try adding a new trio of three houses to form the current district.

Wait, but the current district is formed by adding the trio, so for each trio, the current district would have k+3 houses.

Wait, no. The current state is the number of houses left in the current district. So, when we form a new district, which is the trio, we add 3 houses, so the new state is state k - 3 + 3 = state k.

Wait, no. Because the current state is the number of houses remaining in the current district. So, when we form a new district, which is exactly 3 houses, we subtract k, add 3, so state becomes k - 3 + 3 = k.

So, the state remains the same.

Wait, that's not right, because the current state is the number of houses remaining in the current district. So, when adding a new district of 3 houses, the number of houses remaining becomes (k - 3) + 3 = k. So, the state doesn't change.

Wait, no, because the current state is the number of houses remaining in the current district that is being built. So, when we process the next house, we can form a district of 3, which would be k = 0 (since k was 3), which would leave 0 houses in the current district. Then, the next state would be k=0.

So, for each trio, the state remains as 0 after adding it.

Wait, that's correct.

So, for each i, and for each state k, we can consider adding a new trio of three houses, and transition to state 0.

But the trio's configuration affects the votes.

Wait, but the votes are added based on the number of A's in the trio.

So, for each trio, the votes added are the number of A's in that trio.

So, for each trio, we can precompute the number of A's, and then model the DP accordingly.

Thus, the DP can be built as follows:

Initialize dp[0][0] = 0.

For each i from 1 to n:

    For each state k in 0, 1, 2, 3:

        If dp[i-1][k] is not feasible (i.e., not a valid state), skip.

        For each possible new trio (which is 3 houses), compute the number of A's in that trio, and then:

            new_k = 0 (since adding a trio of 3 houses, the state remains 0)

            if dp[i][new_k] is less than dp[i-1][k] + votes, update it.

So, the process is:

For each position i, for each possible state k before processing i, try adding a trio of 3 consecutive houses (or any trio that forms a connected district) and update the state and votes accordingly.

Wait, but the trio may not be in the current i. So, how to choose the trio?

Wait, perhaps for each i, we can consider all possible trios that end at i. For example, we can look back i-2, i-1, and i for the first house of the trio, and then i-1, i, i+1 for the second, etc.

But that's getting complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps for each i, we can consider all possible ways to form a trio that ends at i, and for each such trio, compute the number of A's and update the DP accordingly.

But again, that's not straightforward.

Wait, perhaps the problem can be simplified by considering that each district must consist of exactly 3 connected houses, but we can choose any trio that is connected.

But for the DP approach, we need to model the state transitions for all possible trios.

But this seems impractical, as there are O(n^2) possible trios.

Thus, perhaps the problem requires a different approach.

Let me think about the problem again.

We need to partition the grid into districts of 3 connected houses, each of which contributes a certain number of votes.

The goal is to maximize the total votes.

Each district must contribute either 3, 2, or 1 votes, depending on how many A's are in it.

So, to maximize the total votes, we want as many districts as possible to contribute 3 votes (i.e., to have all three houses in the same row), and as few as possible to have 1 vote (i.e., two A's and one J).

But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal strategy is to group as many A's as possible into districts, ensuring that each district has at least two A's.

But I'm not sure.

Wait, perhaps the problem can be modeled by considering that each district is a block of three houses, and each block contributes 3 votes if all three are A's, 2 votes if two are A's, and 1 vote if none are A's.

But this is not necessarily the case, as a district can be any 3 connected houses, not necessarily a block.

But perhaps the maximum number of A's in a district is 3, which is achieved when all three are in the same row.

So, perhaps the optimal strategy is to group as many A's into such districts as possible.

But I'm not sure.

Let's think about the sample input.

In the sample input where n=3, the grid is:

Row 1: