0
Researcher
Okay, so I need to figure out what non-leadership position is equivalent to a deputy-level leadership position. Hmm, let's start by breaking down the terms. 

First, I know that in leadership roles, the hierarchy is usually established with a President, then a Vice President, and so on. But sometimes, the structure can be a bit different, especially in smaller organizations or when there's a more flexible hierarchy. 

The term " deputy-level" is a bit ambiguous. I think it might refer to the level of head of department or the position of a manager within a department. In some contexts, this could be the person responsible for overseeing a specific department or team. 

Now, the question is asking for a non-leadership position that takes that deputy role. So, non-leadership would mean a position that doesn't have the authority to make major decisions or take significant responsibility. 

I recall that in some organizations, the equivalent of a deputy head of department is a senior manager or an assistant manager. These roles typically oversee departments but don't have the authority to make major strategic decisions. 

Let me think of some examples. In the United States, the position of a Senior Manager (SMP) or Senior Manager of Department (SMD) might be the equivalent. In some European countries, the equivalent could be a Deputy Manager or a Manager of Department. 

Alternatively, in some contexts, the term " deputy head" might refer to the head of a specialized department, but that's more of a leadership role. So, I think the non-leadership equivalent would be someone who oversees a department but doesn't have the authority to lead the entire organization.

Putting it all together, the non-leadership position equivalent to a deputy-level leadership position is likely the Senior Manager of Department or a similar role. 

I should double-check to make sure I'm not mixing up the terms. Sometimes, " deputy head" can also refer to a manager in a specific department, but in terms of leadership, it's more about overseeing rather than having the authority to make major decisions.

So, I think the answer is Senior Manager of Department, which I can denote as \boxed{Senior Manager of Department}.
</think>

The non-leadership position equivalent to a deputy-level leadership position is the Senior Manager of Department.

\boxed{Senior Manager of Department}<｜end▁of▁sentence｜>