1
Zhejiang
Okay, so I need to figure out where Citizen Li's registered residence should be considered according to the Chinese legal provisions. Let me start by understanding the information given.

Citizen Li's registered residence is in Zhejiang. He's been treating patients at a hospital in Beijing for a year. Now, I remember that in China, especially civil law, there are certain rules about where people can file criminal cases. I think it's something like the registered residence being in the same state unless there's an exception.

Wait, so if someone's registered residence is in a different state, does that affect the criminal case? I think there's a rule that if the criminal case is brought against the person, the criminal case must be filed in the same state as the registered residence. Otherwise, it might be considered as being in another state, which could be a violation of the law.

So, in this case, Li's registered residence is in Zhejiang. He's been treated in Beijing. If he files a criminal case against himself, he has to file it in Zhejiang. But if he's not filing a criminal case, I think he can file it in Beijing. However, if he's not in a criminal case, he can choose to file in either state, right?

Wait, but the question is asking where Li's residence should be considered. So, if he's not in a criminal case, he can choose to file in the same state or another state. But if he is in a criminal case, he must file in the state of his registered residence.

So, putting it all together, if Li is not in a criminal case, he can choose to file in Zhejiang or Beijing. But if he is in a criminal case, he must file in Zhejiang.

But the question is a bit ambiguous. It says he has been receiving treatment at a hospital in Beijing for a year. So, he's been treated there, but he's not necessarily in a criminal case. Unless the treatment is criminal, which I don't think it is.

So, unless he's been charged with a criminal offense, he can choose to file in Zhejiang. But if he is in a criminal case, he must file there.

Since the problem doesn't specify that he's in a criminal case, I think the default is that he's not, so he can choose the state where he's registered, which is Zhejiang, or another state, but probably Zhejiang is the default.

Wait, but sometimes, if you're not in a criminal case, you can choose any state to file in, but if you are, you have to stick to your registered residence. So, in this case, since he's not in a criminal case, he can choose Zhejiang or Beijing, but likely Zhejiang is the intended answer.

So, the final answer should be Zhejiang, boxed as \boxed{Zhejiang}.
</think>

The final answer is \boxed{Zhejiang}.<｜end▁of▁sentence｜>